Update EU instructions for adding Sendgrid data source (#972)
Amplitude-Developer-Docs/amplitude-dev-center: docs/data/sources/sendgrid.md

1. In SendGrid, find Settings, then click **Mail Settings**.
2. Select **Event Webhook**.

> 3. Under HTTP Post URL, enter the following text: `https://<your-api-key>:CJdAK9fWEn4dH2UzKht37sAM@api.amplitude.com/sendgrid`. (If you are in the European Union, ensure you include `.eu` within the URl (i.e. `https://<your-api-key>:CJdAK9fWEn4dH2UzKht37sAM@api.eu.amplitude.com/sendgrid`))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Under HTTP Post URL, enter the following text: `https://<your-api-key>:CJdAK9fWEn4dH2UzKht37sAM@api.amplitude.com/sendgrid`. (If you're in the European Union, include `.eu` in the URl (for example `https://<your-api-key>:CJdAK9fWEn4dH2UzKht37sAM@api.eu.amplitude.com/sendgrid`))
```

Author: No problem; and, URL.

Also, I was hoping to have the new text as a sub-bullet point under #3. I tried to indent it + numbering it as `a.` and `1.` but neither worked. I think that would be a better presentation of this optional note. Thoughts?
